# Done

- Worked on the three cells downstairs and got the readout working.
- Fixe the network issues by buying a new switch
- Getting a 2TB harddrive for the computer save.
- Searched on the Temperature Compensation issue.
- Worked on the analog sum.

## Temperature Compensation

- So I tested the temp comp in johannes setup.
- The good part: the device reads the correct value and saves it.
- Bad News: It does not work appropiatly. ALways with an offset.
- I also tested with the hot air again - does work.
- Asked Tillman for test. He varified his setup at 15-30°C
- Will try and ask him for more tests:
	- Use my EMusic. The temperature line on EMusic features a capacitor and 1kOhm resistaor for nosie celaning. Tilman doesnt
	- Tilman does not use my Power supply PCB i use. His is an old one

## Analog Sum

- I setup the baord with amplifier from mahboubi and setup.
- I get similar signals + issues like CERN. 
	- 1m cable length: Good signal
	- 3m: 30ns and 15ns interference
	- 5m 15ns,30ns,60ns interference / refexion
- It really looks like a cable issue
- I also found 1 10kHz noise in my system. But I have linear regulator and no swithing amplifier on the board ...
- Also got another board: Simple nad plain breakutboard with filters one this. Differentia  signal is plit on two SMA conenctors (+ and -). The issue persists there as well. I got fluctationjs on there. 
- Also amplitutes of + and - are asymetric for some reason.
- However, Low Gain is fine.


# ToDo

- Decide on where to go for the DPG and what to talk about.
- Christmas party peperation.
- Figure out how to use analog sum.
- Figure out why temp comp doesnt work.