# Done

- So I had this desaster with Lufthamster canceling both of my flights in a row and then sending me to Seol. This cinsumed Mo, Di. I relaxed on Mi.

## Thursday

- Coming back and suprising everybody.
- I took a look at the data. Unfortunally, the software stopped on Sunday (15.06) for some reason. This is going to be investigated.
- I treid to rewrite the script, and continued on Firday.
- I also took a 100ml sample with Johannes from the One Cell setup. I used a carton layed with paper to catch spilling LAB. It worked well. The veesel was a plastic botle with tight cap from Ms. Siegenführt. Thze bottle was cleaned with ethanol nad dryed. We asked next door for some gaseouse nitrogen to purge zhe bottle. We rotate the input downward so a nimum of liquid would flow out. We then disconnect both parts, held the part to the barrels so nothing would flow out. I then held the vessel close to the valve. Unfortunally, the ball of the valve opens from the top first, so the liquid shoots out at the top side. One simply has to maneuver around this. When finished, I rotate in teh wron directeion, spilled another 150ml into my carton an closed the stuff raoidly. No major adamge done. The carton+paper was trashed in the chemical trash from the Reiter Gruppe next to us (we asked them). The vessel was cleaned with paper towls and then wrapped in two additionals towles to check for leaks. I then set this next to my desk and waited for a day.
- I also installed the wavecatcher software from berlins github (see https://github.com/cscharf-hub/wavecatcher-analysis). It was rathzer easy, I just executed all the stuff in the pyroot-env, where I also have my pyroot installed. The README on the github was everything one needs. 

## Friday

- I continued my exchange with Christian about the translation from GANDALF to WAVECATCHER data. he asked for the binary files and the software to decode GANDALF binaries. I sent him this.
- I also continued the work on my script. I asked Chatgpt to improve the code to include a progressbar, which shows to the time that has to passe. 
- I also sent the 100ml LAB to Annika. They will either go out today or on Monday. No leak occured during the night
- I will also start a two day measurement of data. 12h x 4 times in the screen gandalf
- Maria Laach is locked for september in my timetable.
- Apperantly the only thing one needs to get the GANDALF data is Gzip lib and amc_hax.py.

# ToDo

- Check with Christian to get a better idea on how to convert the data.
- Change SIPM to parrallel SIPM